The Joe Rogan experience.
When you say studies magic, what do you mean? So, um,
well he wrote a great book called high magic, which is,
I think that's what it's called.
It's a fantastic book on magic is really the wrong word for it.
There's a entire like, uh,
mythos or religion that got sort of wiped out by,
um, Terence McKenna talks about it a lot. I got kinda wiped out by, um,
I guess, you know, superstition,
so witchcraft as we understand it now because of Hollywood is like, you know,
ladies riding around on brooms and, but it just needs to be [inaudible]. It
used to be like healing women who would like deliver babies and stuff. And
, but these, these were all connected to they're all at pagan roots. And, um,
and so essentially you can follow back this branch of data that some people say started in Sumeria or Egypt
, uh,  ways of, um,
meditating ways of connecting with the universe that are ritualistic in nature, but
seem
mysterious to us because even though like, if you want to see what it looks like, just
look at a Catholic mass, you're looking at a ceremony.
It's fear, gee, I guess you'd call it.
That is a magical ceremony where bread gets converted into the flesh of a
God that you eat. So that's your watch. They're all wearing robes.
They're burning incense. So that is magic.
That's what ceremonial magic looks like.
It's non different from ceremonial magic.
Someone in the Catholic church might tell you this isn't magic.
This is me praying to the
infinite and asking for forgiveness.
That's magic. You're connecting with a divine intelligence.
You're hoping from your connection with the divine intelligence to produce some
change in your own psychology in your own life and maybe
create good fortune or whatever it is. You're praying for healing,
whatever it may be. That's magic. So magic is that.
And that it's,
I'm not saying the Catholic Catholicism wouldn't necessarily be considered,
uh, a branch of magic. But I mean,
one of the things he said in this interview is like,
if the Bible is one of the most powerful, magical grimoires, there is, I mean,
you read that. If you really look in it,
there's all kinds of bizarre stuff that doesn't seem to make it onto the
Christian radio. Look what well,
like when in the book of Genesis it's why are they saying,
why do they refer to themselves as a plurality when God's talking?
It's not like, if, when they're saying like,
why do we throw Adam and Eve out of the garden? It's we,
if we don't do something about this, they will become like us.
We there's a plurality that's being mentioned there.
And so what does that plurality? So throughout the Bible,
there's mentions of angels. The book of Ezekiel,
the famous one that UFO ologists go to is there's all these
contacts with angels, hyper dimensional beings that have some data set.
They want to bring to the world quite often,
depending on what book you're in at some terrifying prophecy about the end of
the world that's coming. But sometimes it's, you know,
some message of hope or some message of healing.
So you could say magic is a
non-Christian oriented method for connecting with those
various entities using ritual.
That's one branch of it. Um, now I'm not saying by the way,
these beings exist or don't exist, but you could say,
if you wanted to get like psychological, you could say,
we have buried inside of us. Um,
bit archetypes, bits of the collective that are buried deep inside of us.
And that there are ways to connect to these, uh,
little fragments of the collective mind.
And you know, many people know, have their own method for doing that.
One of the methods to do that might be doing a ritual and for a moment,
allowing yourself to imagine that you're trying to talk to an extra
dimensional beam,
Alister Crawley famously did one of these rituals and contacted a,
oh God, what was it? I can't remember what the being was called,
but it looks like a gray alien.
This is before people were talking about gray lands. When you looked at it,
he drew it. There's a drawing of it. Yeah.
And it looks like a gray alien as well. It's like the 18 hundreds.
Alister crowd was in the 18 hundreds.
Right? 1918, 19. Yeah.
When you keep pulling it, your ghillie suit,
you remind me of a drunk overweight girl with large breasts.
It keeps adjusting her halter top. Like you're in Florida, outside drinking.
It's a motel. I told that, I'm going to leave me.
I'm going to leave you Clarence. I'm tired of y'all.
I told them with a cigarette in her hand. Wow. Look at that.
Drawing by Allister Crawley. Yeah. That does look at your.
Gray alien man. And that's.
What we're going to look like, man, let's cut the. Right?
That's what we're going to look like. Right? When you,
when you see people that are hairy and, and, and brutish you,
we think of them as being like closer to prehistoric man. Right?
You see a guy covered in hair. He looks more like a beast.
And when we see people that are thinner and more slender,
they become more, more a gentle version of people. And we associate that.
Oftentimes with intelligence,
we associate directly associate intelligence with frailty, right?
We all do that. When you see some, some super genius guy, usually they're frail,
right? Occasionally they're bad asses,
but there's a lot of those super genius guys that couldn't fight their way out
of a wet paper bag. Well,
Hawking's the ultimate example because his body literally failed him while he
was coming up with his greatest discoveries. Yeah. So this is this our future.
We're going to have big heads.
They're going to CRISPR your way into a head that lets you live
in any dimension you want.
At any time you transport yourself from one planet to the other.
Imagine what we've done with our stupid monkey brains.
Now imagine it was 150% larger,
150% more brain, and then incorporated all sorts of electronics.
It lets you interface with space,
time around you in all kinds of wacky ways of communicating.
We couldn't even possibly imagine.
Now just like people from the 18 hundreds couldn't have ever possibly imagined
cell phones.
And this is the idea is like, okay, we're going to go there.
And then when we get there, the way we understand space,
time is going to be different than the way we understand it now.
So what that means is theoretically,
you could connect or communicate with a being that is
outside of space time,
which is a future version of us right now using like
various methods, DMT being one of the big ones on the planet right now,
but also using other methods that are a little bit more precise because with
DMT, it's kind of like,
you're not really putting in GPS coordinates necessarily.
Some people do it with intention.
Like a shaman will do it like with intention and, and can like, you know, hi,
excuse me, can you get me another bloody Mary?
I told you, Clarence, I'll leave you cigarette in your hand.
Flip flops on. I will leave you. If you.
Keep seven of these diamonds I I'm out.
Of here. Clarence is over there with Miller light. You ain't going nowhere.
Just stop. Just stop. You always do this. She gets drunk, says she's leaving.
I'm a lead Clarence.
I'm gonna leave you son of a.
I'm putting on my ghillie suit and going down to Tampa.
You son of a, I'm going to visit my family and Clearwater.
Here, Clarence it's over anyway. Yeah.
Maybe you can connect through time and space to these things that are
already here. Like our understanding of time and space. We're locked in man.
But like,
so magic is like ridiculous on one level as it absolutely
sounds and is on one level on another level is at the very least a creative
technique so that you can sort of summon a dream state while you're awake with
the intent of causing some change in the world,
around you using for a lot of people,
what would be considered a non-standard way?
Well, just in terms of your perception of how you view the world,
you can alter that pretty radically. I mean,
from someone who has an amazingly positive perception versus someone has an
amazingly negative perception, you look at the results, right?
Over overwhelming benefit of being a positive person.
There's something to thoughts and ideas that propel you in a good way.
And for having a good architecture for having a good philosophy,
having a good operating manual for how you view the world,
how you act and behave part of that.
So you getting up at four o'clock in the morning. That's what that is.
You only can forcing your ability to sort of dictate the positive aspects of
your future. You're you're deciding to take action.
You're strengthening your bond with the,
with the way you interface with the current reality.
And I was doing it re I mean, not rigid happened. Let's stop. What the? Oh,
Christmas God, listen, man. If you want to meet me here, I'll meet you here.
We could do some 5:00 AM sessions. I love that, man. I mean, yeah,
I would love let's do it. I'm a hundred percent down. Yeah, come down here.
We'll get pump. We'll put Slayer on and walk.